Akai tear falls Stephen the team has set
the Rose fry I wouldn't go straight over
I would step down now onto the ladder
tomorrow you will lead a team to the
bottom to search for animals but today
you must first test the gear and take a
look at the route down perfectly good
solid surface and just back into space
you can't go much further because I've
got to get this bag to you now yeah is
helmet camera will record all he sees
this should have to be one of the most
dramatic places in the world
it's totally unspoiled there's nobody
here but us but it's very hard to enjoy
it when you have heart is thumping it's
just this
boiling steam blast just push out
Rachele rubbing over this rock
it's shocked
the cliff as a severe overhang
it's only when Steve's on the ropes and
he can get a closer look at the rock
face Tim drops under the earth behind
directly beneath me is dropping straight
into the funnel it's broke turbulent it
would be like dropping into the world
work world hopeful suicide it was going
to have a look down there and get a
better view of it over yeah you know
what as well from this angle I can see a
good line where we could come down if
you were to actually head around the
basement there's a line that looks like
it drops down to reasonable territory
over steve has dropped as far as he
safely can tomorrow they'll descend to
the very bottom to start his survey
I'm actually swinging right underneath
the curtain of water